[Music]
Peter Jason quill aka star-lord shortly
after his mother's death in 1988 he is
kidnapped and raised by a group of space
pirates known as the Ravagers the film
opens on Peter stealing an orb which
takes place 26 years after his abduction
Peter is a goofy and charismatic
smuggler who is a bit of a jerk at times
and doesn't have any trouble with the
ladies remind you of anyone
yonder yondu is the leader of the
Ravagers a group of ruthless space
thieves and smugglers yondu raised peter
after abducting him bringing him into
the life of space crime
yondu carries of special arrow on his
hip that he can control by simply
whistling working as a very effective
and deadly weapon after hearing that
Peter stole the orb in the opening of
the movie
yondu places a bounty on Peters head in
order to steal the orb for himself Nova
prime irani Ray Allen Nova prime is the
leader of the Nova corpse the central
good-guy government seen in the film
the Nova corpse home planet is Xander
which is also the same planet where
Peter intends to sell the orb that he
stole the Nova corpse is at war with the
cream which is led by the fanatic Ronan
the accuser Ronan is the main antagonist
of the film and as a member of the Kree
race Ronan is a fanatic who defied the
treaty between the Kree and the Nova
Empire and is hell-bent on destroying
the planets and our Ronan wants the orb
so you can trade it to Thanos in order
to receive Thanos as aid in the
destruction of Xander Ronan's primary
weapon is a large hammer
and also has his own ship known as the
dark aster and a sizable fleet along
with it nebula nebula is the adopted
daughter of Thanos and the adoptive
sister of Gamora she is a cyborg and
capable of repairing herself and is
loyal to Ronan Gamora Gamora is the
adopted daughter of Thanos and the
adoptive sister of nebula at the
beginning of the film she is sent by
Thanos to aid Roman and is tasked with
stealing the or Gamora decides to betray
both her father and Ronan and plans on
stealing the orb for herself to sell to
a buyer for an obscene amount of money
Gamora is a skilled and deadly warrior
though Peter does try frequently to
flirt with her Rocket Raccoon and Groot
rocket racoon is the result of illegal
genetic experimentation resulting in
rocket being a very intelligent and
skilled fighter and is also capable of
designing complex weapons and technology
root is a tree-like creature who is only
capable of saying
together rocket and Groot work as bounty
hunters and try to catch Peter for the
reward that yondu put on his head Drax
the destroyer Drax is an incredibly
powerful and strong fighter but he is
completely literal and has no
understanding of euphemisms social cues
or satire Drax's entire family was
killed by Ronan and vows to get revenge
and now on to the story after stealing
the orb Peter lands on the planet Xander
in order to sell the orb to his black
market dealer shortly after arriving
peter is intercepted by Gamora who wants
to steal the orb for herself Peter and
Gamora break into a fight when Groot and
Rocket identified Peter and noticed that
he has a bounty on his head
Groot and Rocket jump into the fight in
order to capture Peter themselves after
causing a considerable amount of damage
all four of them are arrested and sent
to the Clin a high-security outerspace
prison when they arrived at the Clin
Gamora explains the group that she was
going to sell the orb for a massive
amount of money after a bit of arguing
Peter convinces the team to work
together to break out of the prison and
split the earnings from selling New York
while in prison they meet Drax whose
entire family was killed by Ronan and
wants revenge
Drax teams up with the main group in
hopes that he will have the opportunity
to kill Ronan the team devises an
elaborate plan involving disabling the
gravity of the prison and successfully
escapes afterwards they traveled to meet
gamora's buyer on a massive floating
head known as nowhere nowhere is a CD
mining community with virtually no laws
Peter and Gamora meet up with the
collector there who reveals to them the
true purpose of the orb
my new friends before creation itself
there were six seniority loaded into
existence and the remnants of these
systems were forged into concentrated
ingots infinity stone the Infinity stone
contains a massive amount of energy and
can only be wielded by beings of
superior power however one of the slaves
tries to take the stone in defiance of
him and explodes on contact after
realizing the stones importance Gamora
and Peter decide to take the stone to
the Nova Corps so could be kept out of
the hands of dangerous individuals such
as Ronan but while Peter and gomorrah
were dealing with the stone in the
collector Drax made contact with Ronan
in a foolish attempt to kill him Ronan
arrives on nowhere with his entire fleet
and at the same time
yondu is tracked down Peters location
and a huge fight breaks out between all
three sides after a lot of shooting
flying and chasing eventually the team
is defeated and they lose the stone to
Ronan Gamora and Peter are left stranded
floating in outer space with only
seconds to live in a moment of
desperation
Peter reaches out to yondu who ends up
saving them from the cold and oxygen
l'espace aboard the dark aster Ronan who
has now realized what the orb actually
contained decides to take the Infinity
stone for himself and places it into his
hammer fanless is furious at Ronan's
betrayal but Ronan vows that he will
destroy the planet Xander and afterwards
he will go kill thanos we now go back to
yondu ship were shortly after recovering
from the oxygen l'espace Peter and
Gamora are interrogated by yondu after
some threatening and fighting peter
convinces yondu in the Ravagers to team
up with the guardians in order to get
the stone back from Ronan the deal is
yondu and his men will help the
guardians so long as yondu gets the
Infinity stone when the battle is over
Peter contacts the Nova Corps on Xander
to alert them of Ronan
and also to let them know that the rav
endures we'll be helping to protect the
planet
Ronan ship arrives at the planet Xander
along with a massive fleet of Kree
fighter ships while the rav endures and
the Nova Corps fight the fleet from the
outside Peter Drax Groot and Gamora
punch a hole in the dark aster and enter
in on foot rocket on the other hand
remains on the outside of the dark aster
in order to help fight from his ship the
guardians fight their way through the
inside defeating nebula and Ronan
soldiers eventually the guardians reach
Ronan Ronan coupled with the power of
the Infinity stone clearly has the upper
hand it seems as though all hope is lost
for the guardians however while
monologuing about his superior power
rocket crashes his ship through a window
hitting Ronan and causing the dark aster
to fall out of the sky as the dark aster
is plummeting to earth
Groot creates a protective wood ball
around the group which will kill him but
protect the others after the ship
crashes a huge wave of destruction
occurs crushing buildings and a good
portion of the city the group has
survived except for Groot but
unfortunately so did Ronan once again
Ronan being the high end mighty fanatic
starts monologuing about how you will
destroy Xandar Peter sees this as a
great opportunity to create a
distraction
these words Oh child
things are gonna get easier Oh child
things are get brighter bring it down
hard are you doing
dance-off bro me and you come on
so take it back what are you doing I'm
distracting you you big turd blossom
[Music]
Peter grabs the stone and the Guardians
all work together to utilize the power
of the Infinity stone and finally defeat
Ronan
[Music]
after Ronan is destroyed the Guardians
strapped the stone in a container only
to be immediately surrounded by yondu in
the Ravagers yondu takes the container
and leaves the guardians as yonder was
leaving he mentions to one of his crew
how the rav endures were originally
hired to pick up Peter and bring Peter
to his dad this possibly could be a plot
point for the next movie
Peter reveals however that he switched
the container on yondu giving onto a
troll doll while giving the real
infinity stone to the Nova Corps to be
locked away and protected as a reward
for their service the Nova Corps
expunges all the guardians criminal
records
aboard the ship we see that a small twig
from Groot that rocket had saved
actually turned out to still be alive
indicating that we will most likely see
Groot again the Guardians fly off to
start on some other new adventure after
the credits on know where we see the
collector still damaged and heard from
earlier being taunted by Howard the Duck
to my understanding at this time there
is no plan for an actual Howard the Duck
movie I think it just was a fun and
goofy little thing to decided to add it